creating dictionary for stylesheet
reusing dictionary from test.xsl for stylesheet
xsltParseStylesheetProcess : found stylesheet
xsltPrecomputeStylesheet: removing ignorable blank node
xsltCompilePattern : parsing '/'
xsltCompilePattern : parsed /, default priority 0.500000
added pattern : '/' priority 0.500000
xsltCompilePattern : parsing 'html'
xsltCompilePattern : parsed html, default priority 0.000000
added pattern : 'html' priority 0.000000
parsed 2 templates
Resolving attribute sets references
Creating sub-dictionary from stylesheet for transformation
Registered 0 modules
reusing transformation dict for output
Registering global variables
Registering global variables from test.xsl
xsltProcessOneNode: applying template '/' for /
xsltApplyTemplates: list of 1 nodes
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for html
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for head
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for title
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text PLANTS Profile for Campanulastrum americanum (American bellflower)  | USDA PLANTS
xsltCopyText: copy text PLANTS Profile for Campanulastrum americanum (American bellflower)  | USDA PLANTS
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for meta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for link
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for body
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
      
        
        
      
    
xsltCopyText: copy text 
      
        
        
      
    
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for map
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
        
xsltCopyText: copy text 
        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for area
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

    
xsltCopyText: copy text 

    
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
      
        
        

        
        
      
    
xsltCopyText: copy text 
      
        
        

        
        
      
    
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


xsltCopyText: copy text 


xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
  
xsltCopyText: copy text 
  
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for form
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
          
        
xsltCopyText: copy text 
          
        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
   
xsltCopyText: copy text 
   
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
         
                
xsltCopyText: copy text 
         
                
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  Name Search                       
xsltCopyText: copy text  Name Search                       
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for label
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text name
                        search type
xsltCopyText: copy text name
                        search type
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for label
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text enter a
                        search name
xsltCopyText: copy text enter a
                        search name
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for input
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for select
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for option
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Scientific
                            Name
xsltCopyText: copy text Scientific
                            Name
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for option
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Common Name
xsltCopyText: copy text Common Name
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for option
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Symbol
xsltCopyText: copy text Symbol
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for input
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                    
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                    
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text State Search
xsltCopyText: copy text State Search
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Advanced Search
xsltCopyText: copy text Advanced Search
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Search Help
xsltCopyText: copy text Search Help
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Alternative Crops
xsltCopyText: copy text Alternative Crops
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Characteristics
xsltCopyText: copy text Characteristics
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Classification
xsltCopyText: copy text Classification
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Culturally Significant
xsltCopyText: copy text Culturally Significant
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Distribution Update
xsltCopyText: copy text Distribution Update
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Fact Sheets & Plant Guides
xsltCopyText: copy text Fact Sheets & Plant Guides
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Invasive and Noxious Weeds
xsltCopyText: copy text Invasive and Noxious Weeds
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Plant Materials Publications
xsltCopyText: copy text Plant Materials Publications
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Threatened & Endangered
xsltCopyText: copy text Threatened & Endangered
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Wetland Indicator Status
xsltCopyText: copy text Wetland Indicator Status
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 40,000+ Plant Images
xsltCopyText: copy text 40,000+ Plant Images
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Submit Your Digital Images
xsltCopyText: copy text Submit Your Digital Images
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Complete PLANTS Checklist
xsltCopyText: copy text Complete PLANTS Checklist
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text State PLANTS Checklist
xsltCopyText: copy text State PLANTS Checklist
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Advanced
                          Search Download
xsltCopyText: copy text Advanced
                          Search Download
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Symbols for Unknown Plants
xsltCopyText: copy text Symbols for Unknown Plants
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NRCS State GSAT Lists
xsltCopyText: copy text NRCS State GSAT Lists
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NRCS State Plants Lists
xsltCopyText: copy text NRCS State Plants Lists
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text PLANTS Posters
xsltCopyText: copy text PLANTS Posters
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Crop Nutrient Tool
xsltCopyText: copy text Crop Nutrient Tool
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Ecological Site Information System
xsltCopyText: copy text Ecological Site Information System
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Plant Materials Web Site
xsltCopyText: copy text Plant Materials Web Site
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Other NRCS Tech
xsltCopyText: copy text Other NRCS Tech
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
                      Resources
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
                      Resources
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text VegSpec
xsltCopyText: copy text VegSpec
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text PLANTS Links
xsltCopyText: copy text PLANTS Links
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

            
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 



xsltCopyText: copy text 



xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

    
xsltCopyText: copy text 

    
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
     
     
       
       
     
    
xsltCopyText: copy text 
     
     
       
       
     
    
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
        
xsltCopyText: copy text 
        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text You are here: 
xsltCopyText: copy text You are here: 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Home
xsltCopyText: copy text Home
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 / PLANTS Profile
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 / PLANTS Profile
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
         
xsltCopyText: copy text 
         
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
           
xsltCopyText: copy text 
           
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 Printer-Friendly
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 Printer-Friendly
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 

           / 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 

           / 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Plug-Ins
xsltCopyText: copy text Plug-Ins
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


      
xsltCopyText: copy text 


      
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
  
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
PLANTS Profile 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
PLANTS Profile 
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

        
        
          
        
        
          
    
    
      
    




        
          
        
        
          
        




        
          
        
        
          
        



        
          
        

  
        
          
        
   
    
      
    




        
          
        
        
          
        


        
          
        
        
          
        









        
          
        
        
          
        






  
        
          
        
        
          
        
  
  

        
xsltCopyText: copy text 

        
        
          
        
        
          
    
    
      
    




        
          
        
        
          
        




        
          
        
        
          
        



        
          
        

  
        
          
        
   
    
      
    




        
          
        
        
          
        


        
          
        
        
          
        









        
          
        
        
          
        






  
        
          
        
        
          
        
  
  

        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  American bellflower
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  American bellflower
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

            
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            
        
          

      
          
          
        
        
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            
        
          

      
          
          
        
        
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            

    
            


              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
   
     
              
     
   

            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            

    
            


              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
   
     
              
     
   

            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Symbol:
xsltCopyText: copy text Symbol:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text CAAM18
xsltCopyText: copy text CAAM18
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Group:
xsltCopyText: copy text Group:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Dicot
xsltCopyText: copy text Dicot
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Family:
xsltCopyText: copy text Family:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulaceae
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulaceae
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Duration:
xsltCopyText: copy text Duration:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                Annual


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                Annual


              
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Growth Habit:
xsltCopyText: copy text Growth Habit:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                Forb/herb


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                Forb/herb


              
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Native Status:
xsltCopyText: copy text Native Status:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
       

 
                
                  
                  
                  
                
  
                
                  
                  
                  
                
  
                
xsltCopyText: copy text 
       

 
                
                  
                  
                  
                
  
                
                  
                  
                  
                
  
                
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text L48
xsltCopyText: copy text L48
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text   
xsltCopyText: copy text   
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text N
xsltCopyText: copy text N
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text CAN
xsltCopyText: copy text CAN
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text   
xsltCopyText: copy text   
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text N
xsltCopyText: copy text N
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


          
xsltCopyText: copy text 


          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


            
xsltCopyText: copy text 


            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Click on the image below to enlarge it and download a high-resolution 
            JPEG file.
xsltCopyText: copy text Click on the image below to enlarge it and download a high-resolution 
            JPEG file.
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

               
xsltCopyText: copy text 

               
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 



            
xsltCopyText: copy text 



            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanula
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanula
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americana
xsltCopyText: copy text americana
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


            
xsltCopyText: copy text 


            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Robert H. Mohlenbrock. USDA SCS. 1989. 
xsltCopyText: copy text Robert H. Mohlenbrock. USDA SCS. 1989. 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for cite
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Midwest wetland flora: Field office illustrated guide to plant species
xsltCopyText: copy text Midwest wetland flora: Field office illustrated guide to plant species
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
. Midwest National Technical Center, Lincoln. Courtesy of 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
. Midwest National Technical Center, Lincoln. Courtesy of 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text USDA NRCS Wetland Science Institute
xsltCopyText: copy text USDA NRCS Wetland Science Institute
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
. 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
. 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Usage Requirements
xsltCopyText: copy text Usage Requirements
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
.
          
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
.
          
            
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


          
xsltCopyText: copy text 


          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            

    
            


              
            

            
              
            
            
              
            
  
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            

    
            


              
            

            
              
            
            
              
            
  
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text More Information:
xsltCopyText: copy text More Information:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for ul
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for li
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Characteristics
xsltCopyText: copy text Characteristics
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

  
                  
xsltCopyText: copy text 

  
                  
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for li
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Classification
xsltCopyText: copy text Classification
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


                  
xsltCopyText: copy text 


                  
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for li
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Source & Reference
xsltCopyText: copy text Source & Reference
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

  
          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

  
          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


xsltCopyText: copy text 


xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
      
xsltCopyText: copy text 
      
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Images:
xsltCopyText: copy text Images:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

               
xsltCopyText: copy text 

               
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

  
                    Click on a thumbnail to view an image, or
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

  
                    Click on a thumbnail to view an image, or
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                    see all the 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                    see all the 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 thumbnails at the PLANTS Gallery
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 thumbnails at the PLANTS Gallery
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

            
            
              
            
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

            
            
              
            
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


              
xsltCopyText: copy text 


              
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


          
xsltCopyText: copy text 


          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
Synonyms:
xsltCopyText: copy text 
Synonyms:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

               
xsltCopyText: copy text 

               
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

            
  
            
              
              
    
              
    
            
  
            
              
              
    
              
    
            
  
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

            
  
            
              
              
    
              
    
            
  
            
              
              
    
              
    
            
  
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text CAAM6
xsltCopyText: copy text CAAM6
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanula
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanula
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americana
xsltCopyText: copy text americana
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 L.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 L.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text CAAMI
xsltCopyText: copy text CAAMI
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanula
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanula
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americana
xsltCopyText: copy text americana
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 L. var. 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 L. var. 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text illinoensis
xsltCopyText: copy text illinoensis
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (Fresen.) Farw.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (Fresen.) Farw.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
  
          
xsltCopyText: copy text 
  
          
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Distribution:
xsltCopyText: copy text Distribution:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

  

            
            
              
            
  

            
              
              
            
  
  
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

  

            
            
              
            
  

            
              
              
            
  
  
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View Native Status
xsltCopyText: copy text View Native Status
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for div
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text See US county distributions (when available) by clicking on the map or the state   links below:
xsltCopyText: copy text See US county distributions (when available) by clicking on the map or the state   links below:
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 




     
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 




     
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            AL
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            AL
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            AR
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            AR
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            FL
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            FL
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            GA
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            GA
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            IA
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            IA
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            IL
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            IL
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            IN
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            IN
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            KS
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            KS
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            KY
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            KY
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            LA
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            LA
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            MI
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            MI
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            MN
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            MN
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            MO
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            MO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            MS
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            MS
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            NC
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            NC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            NE
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            NE
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            NY
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            NY
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            OH
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            OH
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            OK
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            OK
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            PA
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            PA
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            SC
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            SC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            SD
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            SD
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            TN
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            TN
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            VA
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            VA
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            WI
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            WI
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
,
      
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            WV
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            WV
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

     

          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

     

          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Related Taxa:
xsltCopyText: copy text Related Taxa:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


  
    
      
                View 
xsltCopyText: copy text 


  
    
      
                View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                  27 genera in 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                  27 genera in 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulaceae
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulaceae
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
, 
                  
xsltCopyText: copy text 
, 
                  
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
                  1 species in 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
                  1 species in 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
    
    
  
  
          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
    
    
  
  
          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Classification:
xsltCopyText: copy text Classification:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Kingdom
xsltCopyText: copy text Kingdom
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Plantae
xsltCopyText: copy text Plantae
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – Plants
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – Plants
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Subkingdom
xsltCopyText: copy text Subkingdom
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Tracheobionta
xsltCopyText: copy text Tracheobionta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – Vascular plants
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – Vascular plants
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Superdivision
xsltCopyText: copy text Superdivision
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Spermatophyta
xsltCopyText: copy text Spermatophyta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – Seed plants
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – Seed plants
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Division
xsltCopyText: copy text Division
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Magnoliophyta
xsltCopyText: copy text Magnoliophyta
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – Flowering plants
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – Flowering plants
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Class
xsltCopyText: copy text Class
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Magnoliopsida
xsltCopyText: copy text Magnoliopsida
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – Dicotyledons
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – Dicotyledons
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Subclass
xsltCopyText: copy text Subclass
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Asteridae
xsltCopyText: copy text Asteridae
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Order
xsltCopyText: copy text Order
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulales
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulales
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Family
xsltCopyText: copy text Family
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulaceae
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulaceae
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – Bellflower family
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – Bellflower family
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Genus
xsltCopyText: copy text Genus
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – bellflower
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – bellflower
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Species
xsltCopyText: copy text Species
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

                  – American bellflower
xsltCopyText: copy text 

                  – American bellflower
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Wetland Indicator Status:
xsltCopyText: copy text Wetland Indicator Status:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

  
  
  
         
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

  
  
  
         
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanula
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanula
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americana
xsltCopyText: copy text americana
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
:
xsltCopyText: copy text 
:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

            
            
xsltCopyText: copy text 

            
            
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Nat. Ind. 
xsltCopyText: copy text Nat. Ind. 
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 1
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 1
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 2
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 2
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 3
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 3
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 4
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 4
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 5
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 5
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 6
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 6
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 7
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 7
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 8
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 8
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 9
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 9
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. 0
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. 0
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. A
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. A
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. C
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. C
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Reg. H
xsltCopyText: copy text Reg. H
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text FAC
xsltCopyText: copy text FAC
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text NO
xsltCopyText: copy text NO
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

        
  
             
xsltCopyText: copy text 

        
  
             
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Interpreting Wetland Indicator Status
xsltCopyText: copy text Interpreting Wetland Indicator Status
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text More Accounts and Images:
xsltCopyText: copy text More Accounts and Images:
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for br
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for span
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltCopyText: copy text Campanulastrum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for em
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text americanum
xsltCopyText: copy text americanum
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 (L.) Small
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text photographs
xsltCopyText: copy text photographs
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from CalPhotos.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from CalPhotos.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text species account
xsltCopyText: copy text species account
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
, 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
, 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text photographs
xsltCopyText: copy text photographs
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
, and 
xsltCopyText: copy text 
, and 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text distribution
xsltCopyText: copy text distribution
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from USF Atlas of Florida Vascular Plants.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from USF Atlas of Florida Vascular Plants.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text taxonomic account
xsltCopyText: copy text taxonomic account
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS) for ITIS Taxonomic Serial Number 501172.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS) for ITIS Taxonomic Serial Number 501172.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text species account and photographs
xsltCopyText: copy text species account and photographs
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center Native Plant Information Network (NPIN).
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center Native Plant Information Network (NPIN).
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text species account
xsltCopyText: copy text species account
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from Native American Ethnobotany (University of Michigan - Dearborn).
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from Native American Ethnobotany (University of Michigan - Dearborn).
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 1 propagation protocol
xsltCopyText: copy text 1 propagation protocol
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from Native Plants Network.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from Native Plants Network.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text photographs and distribution
xsltCopyText: copy text photographs and distribution
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from University of Tennessee Herbarium.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from University of Tennessee Herbarium.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
              
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
              
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for p
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text View 
xsltCopyText: copy text View 
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for a
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text species account and photographs
xsltCopyText: copy text species account and photographs
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 
 from University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point Freckmann Herbarium.
xsltCopyText: copy text 
 from University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point Freckmann Herbarium.
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
          
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
          
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 



xsltCopyText: copy text 



xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text Time Generated: 06/13/2008 03:49 PM MDT
xsltCopyText: copy text Time Generated: 06/13/2008 03:49 PM MDT
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text  
xsltCopyText: copy text  
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 



xsltCopyText: copy text 



xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


        
xsltCopyText: copy text 


        
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text       
      
        
      
    
xsltCopyText: copy text       
      
        
      
    
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for hr
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 


xsltCopyText: copy text 


xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 



xsltCopyText: copy text 



xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

      
      
          
          
                  
      
xsltCopyText: copy text 

      
      
          
          
                  
      
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for table
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tbody
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for tr
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for td
xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 



xsltCopyText: copy text 



xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

 
xsltCopyText: copy text 

 
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltProcessOneNode: no template found for img
xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

xsltDefaultProcessOneNode: copy text 

xsltCopyText: copy text 

freeing transformation dictionary
<?xml version="1.0"?>
PLANTS Profile for Campanulastrum americanum (American bellflower)  | USDA PLANTS





















      
        
        
      
    








      
        

      

      

    

































      
        
        

        
        
      
     



  
          
        



   
                


         
                 Name Search                       

name
                        search type

                        enter a
                        search name

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        Scientific
                            Name
Common Name
Symbol


                        
                    



State Search
 



Advanced Search
 



Search Help






 



Alternative Crops




Characteristics




Classification




Culturally Significant




Distribution Update




Fact Sheets &amp; Plant Guides




Invasive and Noxious Weeds




Plant Materials Publications




Threatened &amp; Endangered




Wetland Indicator Status


 




 



40,000+ Plant Images




Submit Your Digital Images


 





 



Complete PLANTS Checklist




State PLANTS Checklist




Advanced
                          Search Download




Symbols for Unknown Plants




NRCS State GSAT Lists




NRCS State Plants Lists




PLANTS Posters


 





 



Crop Nutrient Tool




Ecological Site Information System




Plant Materials Web Site




Other NRCS Tech
 
                      Resources




VegSpec


 




 



PLANTS Links





            

                


 









 


    
     
     
       
       
     
    
        You are here: Home
 / PLANTS Profile

      

         
           
 Printer-Friendly
 

           / Plug-Ins


      



 
  
 
  



PLANTS Profile 




        
        
          
        
        
          
    
    
      
    




        
          
        
        
          
        




        
          
        
        
          
        



        
          
        

  
        
          
        
   
    
      
    




        
          
        
        
          
        


        
          
        
        
          
        









        
          
        
        
          
        






  
        
          
        
        
          
        
  
  

         

            Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small 

                  American bellflower


            

          



            
        
          

      
          
          
        
        
            

    
            


              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
            
              
              
              
              
            
   
     
              
     
   

             
 
 
 

Symbol:
 
CAAM18
 

Group:
 
Dicot
 

Family:
 
Campanulaceae
 

Duration:
 


                Annual


              
 

Growth Habit:

 


                Forb/herb


              
 

Native Status:

 

       

 
                
                  
                  
                  
                
  
                
                  
                  
                  
                
  
                L48
  
N

CAN
  
N




              








          



            Click on the image below to enlarge it and download a high-resolution 
            JPEG file.


               
                 





            Campanula
 americana





            Robert H. Mohlenbrock. USDA SCS. 1989. Midwest wetland flora: Field office illustrated guide to plant species
. Midwest National Technical Center, Lincoln. Courtesy of USDA NRCS Wetland Science Institute
. Usage Requirements

.
          
            


          

            

    
            


              
            

            
              
            
            
              
            
  
             

More Information:


                

                  Characteristics


  
                  Classification



                  Source &amp; Reference


                

              




  
          





      

 

Images:


               Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small


  
                    Click on a thumbnail to view an image, or
            
                    see all the Campanulastrum
 thumbnails at the PLANTS Gallery

            
            
              
            
            

              



              



              



              



              



              



              



              





          

 


Synonyms:


               Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small


            
  
            
              
              
    
              
    
            
  
            
              
              
    
              
    
            
  
             
CAAM6
Campanula
 americana
 L.

 
CAAMI
Campanula
 americana
 L. var. illinoensis
 (Fresen.) Farw.




          

 


  
          Distribution:


              Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small


  

            
            
              
            
  

            
              
              
            
  
  
            

              

View Native Status








          

See US county distributions (when available) by clicking on the map or the state   links below:




     
            
            AL
,
      
            
            AR
,
      
            
            FL
,
      
            
            GA
,
      
            
            IA
,
      
            
            IL
,
      
            
            IN
,
      
            
            KS
,
      
            
            KY
,
      
            
            LA
,
      
            
            MI
,
      
            
            MN
,
      
            
            MO
,
      
            
            MS
,
      
            
            NC
,
      
            
            NE
,
      
            
            NY
,
      
            
            OH
,
      
            
            OK
,
      
            
            PA
,
      
            
            SC
,
      
            
            SD
,
      
            
            TN
,
      
            
            VA
,
      
            
            WI
,
      
            
            WV

     

          

 

Related Taxa:


              Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small



  
    
      
                View 
                  27 genera in Campanulaceae

, 
                  
                  1 species in Campanulastrum


      
    
    
  
  
          

 

Classification:


              Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small

             
 

Kingdom
Plantae


                  – Plants

Subkingdom
Tracheobionta


                  – Vascular plants

Superdivision
Spermatophyta


                  – Seed plants

Division
Magnoliophyta


                  – Flowering plants

Class
Magnoliopsida


                  – Dicotyledons

Subclass
Asteridae


                  

Order
Campanulales


                  

Family
Campanulaceae


                  – Bellflower family

Genus
Campanulastrum
 Small

                  – bellflower

Species
Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small

                  – American bellflower




          

 

Wetland Indicator Status:


              Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small


  
  
  
         
            Campanula
 americana
:

            
            Nat. Ind. 
Reg. 1
Reg. 2
Reg. 3
Reg. 4
Reg. 5
Reg. 6
Reg. 7
Reg. 8
Reg. 9
Reg. 0
Reg. A
Reg. C
Reg. H

FAC
FAC
FAC
FAC
FAC
FAC
FAC
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO




        
  
             Interpreting Wetland Indicator Status

          

 

More Accounts and Images:


              Campanulastrum
 americanum
 (L.) Small
 

      
              View photographs
 from CalPhotos.

      
              View species account
, photographs
, and distribution
 from USF Atlas of Florida Vascular Plants.

      
              View taxonomic account
 from Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS) for ITIS Taxonomic Serial Number 501172.

      
              View species account and photographs
 from Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center Native Plant Information Network (NPIN).

      
              View species account
 from Native American Ethnobotany (University of Michigan - Dearborn).

      
              View 1 propagation protocol
 from Native Plants Network.

      
              View photographs and distribution
 from University of Tennessee Herbarium.

      
              View species account and photographs
 from University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point Freckmann Herbarium.

      
          

 







      
 

Time Generated: 06/13/2008 03:49 PM MDT
 








        





      
      
        
      
    









      
      
          
          
                  
      








 






warning: failed to load external entity "2"
unable to parse 2
freeing dictionary from stylesheet
